README.md, before:

Process Management app for collecting and organizing methodology of task completion within an organization, to stimulate repeatability and ease of training.

Requirements:

    API endpoints:
        User Registration:
            Post sign up - Create user, return email/username
            Post log in - Validate credentials, Return token
            Put update name - Validate token, update name
            Put update password - Validate credentials, update password 
            Delete account - Validate credentials, remove user
        Departments:
            Post new department - Validate token, add department for user
            Get department - Validate token, return specific department, by user and department name
            Get departments - Validate token, return paginated departments and pagination data
            Put update department - Validate token, find department for update, update values of model instance, update in database
            Delete department - Validate credentials, remove department
        Employees:
            Post new employee - Validate token, add employee for user
            Get employee - Validate token, return specific employee, by user and employee name
            Get employees - Validate token, return paginated employees and pagination data
            Put update employee - Validate token, find employee for update, update values of model instance, update in database
            Delete employee - Validate credentials, remove employee
                Schedule:
                    Post new task to schedule for employee - Validate token, add task for employee
                    Get schedule - Validate token, return schedule within dates, by user and employee name
                    Get day - Validate token, return return schedule for specific date, by user and employee name
                    Put update scheduled task - Validate token, find scheduled task for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                    Delete employee - Validate credentials, remove scheduled task
        Objectives:
            Post new task - Validate token, add task for user
            Get task - Validate token, return specific task, by user and task name
            Get tasks - Validate token, return paginated tasks and pagination data
            Put update task - Validate token, find task for update, update values of model instance, update in database
            Delete task - Validate credentials, remove task
                Steps:
                    Post new step - Validate token, add step for user, for task
                    Get step - Validate token, return specific step, by user, task and step number
                    Get steps - Validate token, return steps by user and task 
                    Put update step - Validate token, find step for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                    Delete step - Validate credentials, remove step
                        Best practices:
                            Post new best practice - Validate token, add best practice for user, for task, for step
                            Get best practice - Validate token, return specific best practice, by id
                            Get best practices - Validate token, return best practices by user, task and step number
                            Put update best practice - Validate token, find best practice for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                            Delete best practice - Validate credentials, remove best practice
                        Common Difficulties:
                            Post new common difficulty - Validate token, add common difficulty for user, for task, for step
                            Get common difficulty - Validate token, return specific common difficulty, by id
                            Get common difficulties - Validate token, return common difficulties by user, task and step number
                            Put update common difficulty - Validate token, find common difficulty for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                            Delete common difficulty - Validate credentials, remove common difficulty
    
    Client Side App Routes:
        User register:
            User sign up
            Log in
            Log out

        User dashboard:
            Departments

        Objective creation:
        Objective editing
        Objective searching 
        Objective assignment

Commit message:

fixed naming issues with Task > Objective

README.md, after:

Process Management app for collecting and organizing methodology of objective completion within an organization, to stimulate repeatability and ease of training.

Requirements:

    API endpoints:
        User Registration:
            Post sign up - Create user, return email/username
            Post log in - Validate credentials, Return token
            Put update name - Validate token, update name
            Put update password - Validate credentials, update password 
            Delete account - Validate credentials, remove user
        Departments:
            Post new department - Validate token, add department for user
            Get department - Validate token, return specific department, by user and department name
            Get departments - Validate token, return paginated departments and pagination data
            Put update department - Validate token, find department for update, update values of model instance, update in database
            Delete department - Validate credentials, remove department
        Employees:
            Post new employee - Validate token, add employee for user
            Get employee - Validate token, return specific employee, by user and employee name
            Get employees - Validate token, return paginated employees and pagination data
            Put update employee - Validate token, find employee for update, update values of model instance, update in database
            Delete employee - Validate credentials, remove employee
                Schedule:
                    Post new objective to schedule for employee - Validate token, add objective for employee
                    Get schedule - Validate token, return schedule within dates, by user and employee name
                    Get day - Validate token, return return schedule for specific date, by user and employee name
                    Put update scheduled objective - Validate token, find scheduled objective for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                    Delete employee - Validate credentials, remove scheduled objective
        Objectives:
            Post new objective - Validate token, add objective for user
            Get objective - Validate token, return specific objective, by user and objective name
            Get objectives - Validate token, return paginated objectives and pagination data
            Put update objective - Validate token, find objective for update, update values of model instance, update in database
            Delete objective - Validate credentials, remove objective
                Steps:
                    Post new step - Validate token, add step for user, for objective
                    Get step - Validate token, return specific step, by user, objective and step number
                    Get steps - Validate token, return steps by user and objective 
                    Put update step - Validate token, find step for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                    Delete step - Validate credentials, remove step
                        Best practices:
                            Post new best practice - Validate token, add best practice for user, for objective, for step
                            Get best practice - Validate token, return specific best practice, by id
                            Get best practices - Validate token, return best practices by user, objective and step number
                            Put update best practice - Validate token, find best practice for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                            Delete best practice - Validate credentials, remove best practice
                        Common Difficulties:
                            Post new common difficulty - Validate token, add common difficulty for user, for objective, for step
                            Get common difficulty - Validate token, return specific common difficulty, by id
                            Get common difficulties - Validate token, return common difficulties by user, objective and step number
                            Put update common difficulty - Validate token, find common difficulty for update, update values of model instance, update in database
                            Delete common difficulty - Validate credentials, remove common difficulty
    
    Client Side App Routes:
        User register:
            User sign up
            Log in
            Log out

        User dashboard:
            Departments

        Objective creation:
        Objective editing
        Objective searching 
        Objective assignment
